README.md, before:

# Data Dashboard visualizing data from World Bank

This project is built using Flask, Bootstrap, Plotly and Pandas for data wrangling.

### Presentation

A live version of the dashboard is hosted on Heroku [**here**](https://dsdn-cl-webapp-test.herokuapp.com/).

## Environment

The development environment used for working with the project was created on a Windows 10 pc with [devcontainers](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers).

The environment in the devcontainer is:

- Python 3.9.6

The main libraries used for this project are ([`requirements.txt`](requirements.txt) includes dependencies):

- flask
- pandas
- plotly
- gunicorn

## Files

- `.devcontainer` directory is for building the local development environment, check [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/devcontainerjson-reference) for more info.
- `.vscode` directory is for setting up [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and debug configurations.
- `data` directory is holding the data used for the analysis.
- `worldbankapp` is the flask application, including templates and routes.
- `wrangling_scripts` is the where the data processing and analysis occurs.
- `Dockerfile.dev` is the Dockerfile used to build the development container.
- `Procfile` is used to deploy the web app on [Heroku](http://heroku.com/).
- `requirements.txt` contains the required python libraries to run the app.
- `worldbank.py` imports the app and can be used to run the app on a local server.

## Deployment

The web app is [**deployed on Heroku**](https://dsdn-cl-webapp-test.herokuapp.com/), for demonstration purposes.

## Running the app locally

To run locally you can clone this repository in a Windows 10 pc and use VS Code to open in a remote container. Please check instructions [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers-tutorial) if you are not familiar with devcontainers.
If you are developing a Linux machine, it may be easier to create a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html) and run the app there.

## Acknowledgment

This project has been created as part of the [Udacity Data Science Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/data-scientist-nanodegree--nd025) course.

Commit message:

use world bank API, change indicators

README.md, after:

# Data Dashboard visualizing data from World Bank

This project is built using Flask, Bootstrap, Plotly and Pandas for data wrangling. Data is acuired through the World Bank [**API endpoints**](https://datahelpdesk.worldbank.org/knowledgebase/topics/125589-developer-information).

[<img src="img/appScreenshot.png" width="800" height="423" alt="app screenshot">](https://dsdn-cl-webapp-test.herokuapp.com/)

### Presentation

A live version of the dashboard is hosted on Heroku [**here**](https://dsdn-cl-webapp-test.herokuapp.com/).

## Environment

The development environment used for working with the project was created on a Windows 10 pc with [devcontainers](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers).

The environment in the devcontainer is:

- Python 3.9.6

The main libraries used for this project are ([`requirements.txt`](requirements.txt) includes dependencies):

- flask
- pandas
- plotly
- gunicorn

## Files

- `.devcontainer` directory is for building the local development environment, check [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/devcontainerjson-reference) for more info.
- `.vscode` directory is for setting up [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and debug configurations.
- `worldbankapp` is the flask application, including templates and routes.
- `scripts` is the where the data acquisition, processing and analysis occurs.
- `Dockerfile.dev` is the Dockerfile used to build the development container.
- `Procfile` is used to deploy the web app on [Heroku](http://heroku.com/).
- `requirements.txt` contains the required python libraries to run the app.
- `worldbank.py` imports the app and can be used to run the app on a local server.

## Deployment

The web app is [**deployed on Heroku**](https://dsdn-cl-webapp-test.herokuapp.com/), for demonstration purposes.

## Running the app locally

To run locally you can clone this repository in a Windows 10 pc and use VS Code to open in a remote container. Please check instructions [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers-tutorial) if you are not familiar with devcontainers.
If you are developing a Linux machine, it may be easier to create a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html) and run the app there.

## Acknowledgment

This project has been created as part of the [Udacity Data Science Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/data-scientist-nanodegree--nd025) course.
